Delegate override vote (#5192)
OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts: .changeset/pink-wasps-hammer.md

---
'openzeppelin-solidity': patch
---

> `GovernorCountingOverridable`: Add a governor counting module that enables delegatees to override the vote of their delegate.

Author: IMO that is easier to understand

```suggestion
`GovernorCountingOverridable`: Add a governor counting module that enables token holders to override the vote of their delegate.
```
